---
layout: post
title:  "2015 News"
categories: group_update
---

#### December 2015
-   Jenn gives her tenure talk at UCI.
-   Sean, Anya, and Zi join the Prescher lab. Welcome!
-   Our manuscript on targeting *Toxoplasma gondii* with bioorthogonal
    probes is published. [Check it
    out!](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S128645791500252X)

#### November 2015 
-   Dave K successfully defends his thesis. He is heading off to Yale
    for postdoctoral work in the Ellman lab. Congratulations, Dr.
    Kamber!


#### October 2015 
-   Will is awarded NSF IGERT Competitive Innovation Funds for his
    collaborative work with the Hui lab Nicely done!

#### September 2015 
-   Dave K lands a Dissertation Fellowship. Congratulations!
-   Jenn receives a Novartis Early Career Award in Organic Chemistry.
    Thank you to Novartis for supporting our work!

#### August 2015 
-   Group summer trip to San Diego!
-   Our commentary on orthogonal bioorthogonal reactions is published.
    [Check it
    out!](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1367593115000824)
-   Rachel successfully defends her thesis. Congratulations, Dr.
    Steinhardt! (Ph.D. \# 5 from the group)!
-   Dave K wins the Bader Award for Graduate Student Innovation from
    Sigma Aldrich. Way to go!
-   Kevin, Monique, and Marian present their work at the SoCal
    Undergraduate Research Symposium.
-   Cynthia Chio joins the lab for a summer rotation. Welcome!

#### July 2015 
-   Our manuscript on bioorthogonal cyclopropenone reactivity is
    published in [*J. Am.
    Chem. Soc.*](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.5b06969)
-   Summer BBQ at Laguna Beach with our friends from the Leconte lab!
-   Will is awarded a research fellowship from Allergan. Nicely done!

#### June 2015
-   Dave P and Dave M successfully defend their theses. Dave P will be
    joining the Gartner lab at UCSF, while Dave M will be starting a
    postdoc at Stanford. Congratulations, Drs. Patterson and
    McCutcheon (Ph.D. \#’s 3 and 4 from the group)!
-   Our manuscript on bioorthogonal triazine reactivity is published in
    [*J. Am.
    Chem. Soc.*](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.5b05100) Thank
    you to our collaborators in the Houk and Mehl labs!
-   Our manuscript on imaging cell contacts with caged probes is
    published in [*J. Am.
    Chem. Soc.*](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.5b02774)
-   The lab says ‘goodbye’ to several founding members. Best wishes,
    everyone! (Watch out, Bay Area!)
-   Dr. Hui-Wen Shih accepts a position at Gilead. Congratulations!

#### May 2015
-   Jenn receives a Dreyfus Teacher-Scholar award. Thank you to the
    Dreyfus Foundation for supporting our work!
-   Lidia successfully defends her thesis. Congratulations, Dr.
    Nazarvoa (Ph.D. \#2 from the group)! She is off to Illumina next!
-   Dave R wins the Depart of Chemistry’s Michael E. Gebel Award.
    Congratulations!

#### April 2015 
-   Sam Reshel joins the lab for a spring quarter rotation. Welcome!
-   Michael Fazio joins the lab for a spring quarter rotation. Welcome!
-   Joanna is selected for the CA Community College Internship Program.
    Way to go!

#### March 2015
-   Lidia takes second-place honors at the AGS symposium on campus.
    Congrats!
-   Dave R and Bryan are awarded Honorable Mentions from the NSF
    Graduate Research Program.

#### February 2015
-   Jenn is named an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow. Thank you to the Sloan
    Foundation for supporting our work!

#### January 2015
-   Sam Beasley joins the lab for a winter quarter rotation. Welcome!
-   Our manuscript on visualizing cell proximity with split reporters is
    published in [*ACS Chem.
    Biol.*](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cb5007773)