---
layout: post
title:  "2022 News"
categories: group_update
---
#### June 2022
- Our work with the Digman Lab on combining bioluminescent probes and spectral phasor analysis overcoming long-standing challenges associated with bioluminescence detection is now published in [Nature Methods](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-022-01529-9). Congrats Carly, Zi, Lorenzo, and Kevin! 

#### May 2022
- Congrats to lab alum Sean Nguyen! He accepted a new position in the US FDA's field lab.
- Congratulations to Suha! She was selected for an Allergan summer research fellowship.
- Carly defends her thesis! She will be conducting her postdoctoral work at Pfizer in Groton, Connecticut.
 Congratulations Dr. Brennan!
 - Congratulations to Lila! She was selected for the Protein Society Annual Symposium travel award.

#### April 2022
- Congratulations to Justin! He was selected as the 2022-2023 Beckman Scholar at UCI!
- Our work on fluorogenic CpOs for real-time imaging is now published in [JACS](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/jacs.2c02058). Congrats Tyler, Robby, Drew and Anna!
- Congratulations to Robby! He won a best poster prize at the Chemical Biology and Physiology conference at OHSU.

#### March 2022
- Lab alum Sierra Williams was selected as a ["30 Under 30"](https://30under30.temple.edu/2022-award-recipients/research-and-technology-innovator-sierra-williams) Research and Technology Innovators awardee from Temple University. Congrats Sierra!
- Lila was selected as a Vertex Fellow from PharmSci! Congrats!
- Hearty congrats to Jenn and Kevin! Their proposal was selected for a Beall Innovation Award!

#### February 2022
- Congratulations to Mariana! She was selected for an ACS Bridge travel award and a UCI AGS travel award.
- Congratulations to Alicia! She accepted a Research Scientist position with AltPep in Seattle.
- Congrats to undergraduate alum Steve Phan! He selected UCI for medical school this Fall.

#### January 2022
- Yeonseong (Catherine) Seo, Erin Fuller, and Tanya Hadjian officially joins the lab! Welcome!
