---
layout: post
title:  "2023 News"
categories: group_update
---
#### August 2023
- Robby defended his thesis! He will now be working at TAE Life Sciences to make some new therapeutic antibody conjugates. Congratulations Dr. Dorn!
- The lab had a beach day on Balboa Island!

#### July 2023
- Happy 13th birthday to the lab!

#### June 2023
- Congrats to lab alum Zi Yao! He won the Best Poster Award at the Bioorganic GRC for his immunopeptidome work in the Wells lab.
- Congrats to lab alumna Rachel Steinhardt! She just received an NSF CAREER award for her work on chemical tools for bio-orthogonal neuromodulation at Syracuse. Well done, Prof. Steinhardt!
- A huge congrats to Justin! He won 3 departmental awards!
- Congrats to former lab undergraduate Sabrina Tran! She accepted her U of Miami offer to attend medical school this fall.
- Congrats to Justin! He was selected for the Pitts Undergraduate Award here at UCI, one of the top honors in the Chemistry Department.
- Congrats to Tanvi! She was awarded a SURP fellowship.

#### May 2023
- Congrats to the four new Ph.D. candidates in the lab! Way to crush it, Erin, Tanya, Catherine, and Julia!
- Undergrad alum Jonathan Tchan will be attending Chicago Medical School in the fall. Congrats!
- Congrats to Mariana and lab alums Carly and Anna! Their manuscript on caged luciferin multiplexing was accepted today at Photochem. Photobiol. Read it [here](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/epdf/10.1111/php.13814)!
- Congrats to lab alumna Prof. Joanna Laird! She will be establishing her own research group at Cal Poly this summer!

#### April 2023
- Congrats to Justin! He was awarded the Outstanding Student Award from the Orange County chapter of ACS.
- Congrats to Lila – the newest Ph.D. candidate in the lab!
- Congrats to Justin! He accepted his offer from UC Berkeley for grad school. Go Bears!
- Congrats to our former undergrad researcher Suha! She accepted a summer internship at Northrop Grumman Space Systems.
- Welcome to Nicola, a visiting scholar from the Wagenknecht group in Germany!

#### March 2023
- Congrats to lab alumn Colin Rathbum! He recieved a near-perfect score on his first NIH R15 application as a professor.
- Congrats to lab alumn Dave Row! Previously a senior scientist in protein engineering at Merck, he just accepted a new position with Aliada Therapeutics in Boston to work on drug delivery into the brain.
- Congrats to lab alumna Anna Love! She was awarded an NIH fellowship for her postdoctoral work in the Moore lab at Scripps!

#### February 2023
- Congrats to lab alumn Brendan Zhang! He took a new position at Thermo Fisher working on LNP delivery platforms.
- Congrats to Kat, Robby, and our collaborators in the Potma lab! Our manuscript on enhancing alkyne-based Raman tags can now be viewed in [Journal of Physical Chemistry B](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jpcb.2c09093).
- Congrats to Anna, Kat, Lila, Tanya, alumni Carly and Zi, and our collaborators in the Schernmann and Mills labs! Our work on red-shifted coumarin luciferins can now be viewed [online](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/jacs.2c07220)!

#### January 2023
- Graduate student Halley Lin-Jones officially joins the lab! Welcome!
- The lab went on a group outing to the bowling alley to celebrate the new year! Check out the [photos](https://www.flickr.com/photos/194141943@N06).
- Pharm Sci rotation student Omar Ocegueda joins the lab for the winter quarter. Welcome!
- Congrats to lab alumn Zi! He was awarded an NIH postdoctoral fellowship for his work in the Wells lab at UCSF, and he was also selected for LSRF funding!
- Congrats to Anna, Kat, Lila, Tanya, alumni Carly and Zi, and our collaborators in the Schernmann and Mills labs! Our work on red-shifted coumarin luciferins was accepted at JACS. More updates to come!
- Congrats to lab alumna Sierra and our collaborators in the Leconte group! Their work on improved analyses for orthogonal bioluminescent tools was accepted at ChemBioChem. Check it out [here](https://chemistry-europe.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/cbic.202200726)!
